assalam alaikum and welcome to titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan
Hungarian Goulash has nothing to do with
ghouls and ghosts but it is a rather
delicious dish from Hungary for those
people who are hungry for my goulash
I've got 450 grams of lamb cut into
cubes now if I was being ultra authentic
I'd actually be using beef but I've only
got lime in the freezer so lamb it is
there's one small onion chopped 1 tomato
peeled and cut into quarters a couple of
small potatoes peeled and cubed 1 green
capsicum deseeded and chopped here this
1 sliced garlic clove 1/4 teaspoon of
salt and 1/2 a teaspoon of caraway seeds
and 1 tablespoon of hot paprika now I
know that some of you will be wondering
if you can leave that paprika out there
are you can't it's integral to the dish
it's like asking if you can either
chicken out of roast chicken and for the
cholesterol the little dumplings that go
in the goulash I've got an egg and 3
heaped tablespoons of plain flour I'm
drinking heating a tablespoon of oil in
a pan add in the onions and I'm just so
tiny for a few minutes to soften them
once the onions become soft and
translucent add in the night
so cook gently for about 5-10 minutes
the brownies meanwhile put the garlic
caraway seeds and salt into a mortar and
pestle wash them together
looks good to me
and smells amazing once the meats
browned we can add in the caraway seed
garlic and salt mixture the paprika
that'll mix well now add in the tomato
and one liter of either stock or water
stir well and bring to the boil once it
comes to the boil cover and simmer
gently for an hour and a half
meanwhile let's make some little things
break the egg into a small bowl whisk it
lightly add in a pinch of salt and a
little bit of the flour and whisk not in
a bit more flour and whisk then add in
the rest of the flour and whisk to a
stiff ish paste oh that's thick and
goopy alright batter now and a half
remove the lid add in the potatoes and
the capsicum give it a good stir then
continue cooking for about 20 minutes or
until the potatoes are tender once the
potatoes are tender
I don't dollops of the paste we shall
make you dumplings then allow them to
cook for two to three minutes before
serving
there's nothing ghoulish about this
goulash it's awesome so now you know
what to serve a hungry Hungarian German
next time in titli's busy kitchen with
me titli nihaan
until next time could happen